Dabao, how is my wife?
No life-threatening for now
Just a moment.
But it doesn't matter.
Tell me, I'm mentally prepared
The disease is developing faster than my best friend thought
If a bone marrow transplant can be done within a week
I'm not used to it.
Ok ok thanks code
May
Good news, I, Sun Xufei, succeeded.
People are already on their way.
Can be guarded at any time
Thank you, thank you, thank you very much, Huang Yangan.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm so excited.
Thank you, I really envy my classmates
You have such a good husband
You go back to him later
First brother and sister-in-law are such kind people
It will definitely turn bad luck into good luck
Why haven't you come out after 5 hours?
How is the doctor's surgery?
Did it work?